README.md, before:

>

# Next JS Template

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2361DAFB.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-%23006AFF.svg?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Headless UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Headless%20UI-%23111827.svg?style=flat)
![React Testing Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Testing%20Library-%23E33332.svg?style=flat&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-%23C21325.svg?style=flat&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
![Cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cypress-%23E95E25.svg?style=flat&logo=cypress&logoColor=white)

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install
```

## Scripts

- `npm run dev`: Start the development server using Next.js.
- `npm run build`: Build the production-ready application.
- `npm run start`: Start the production server.
- `npm run lint`: Run linting checks using ESLint.
- `npm run test`: Run Jest tests in watch mode.
- `npm run test:ci`: Run Jest tests in continuous integration mode.
- `npm run e2e:audit`: Open Cypress for end-to-end auditing tests.
- `npm run e2e:audit:headless`: Run headless Cypress tests with Chrome for auditing.

## Dependencies

### Production Dependencies

- `@headlessui/react`: React UI component library.
- `next`: The Next.js framework.
- `react`: React library.
- `react-dom`: React DOM library.

### Development Dependencies

- `@cypress-audit/lighthouse`: Lighthouse plugin for Cypress auditing.
- `@cypress-audit/pa11y`: Pa11y plugin for Cypress auditing.
- `@testing-library/jest-dom`: Jest DOM testing utilities.
- `@testing-library/react`: Testing utilities for React.
- `@testing-library/user-event`: Testing utilities for user interactions.
- `@types/jest`: TypeScript type declarations for Jest.
- `@types/jest-axe`: TypeScript type declarations for Jest Axe.
- `@types/node`: TypeScript type declarations for Node.js.
- `@types/react`: TypeScript type declarations for React.
- `@types/react-dom`: TypeScript type declarations for React DOM.
- `autoprefixer`: CSS autoprefixer.
- `cypress`: End-to-end testing framework.
- `eslint`: ESLint for linting.
- `eslint-config-next`: ESLint configuration for Next.js projects.
- `eslint-plugin-cypress`: ESLint plugin for Cypress.
- `eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y`: ESLint plugin for accessibility.
- `jest`: JavaScript testing framework.
- `jest-axe`: Jest plugin for axe-core accessibility testing.
- `jest-environment-jsdom`: Jest environment for testing in a browser-like environment.
- `lighthouse`: Lighthouse for performance auditing.
- `postcss`: CSS preprocessor.
- `start-server-and-test`: Utility to start servers and run tests.
- `tailwindcss`: Utility-first CSS framework.
- `ts-node`: TypeScript execution environment.
- `typescript`: TypeScript language support.

Please note that this is not an exhaustive list of dependencies, and the project may have additional dependencies. Refer to the `package.json` file for a complete list.

Commit message:

- Testing, linting, formatting updates - Dark mode added

README.md, after:

>

# Next JS Template

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2361DAFB.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-%23006AFF.svg?style=flat&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Headless UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Headless%20UI-%23111827.svg?style=flat)
![React Testing Library](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Testing%20Library-%23E33332.svg?style=flat&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white)
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-%23C21325.svg?style=flat&logo=jest&logoColor=white)
![Cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cypress-%23E95E25.svg?style=flat&logo=cypress&logoColor=white)

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install
```

## Scripts

- `npm run dev`: Start the development server using Next.js.
- `npm run build`: Build the production-ready application.
- `npm run start`: Start the production server.
- `npm run format`: Run Prettier formatting.
- `npm run lint`: Run linting checks using ESLint.
- `npm run test`: Run Jest tests in watch mode.
- `npm run test:ci`: Run Jest tests in continuous integration mode.
- `npm run e2e:audit`: Open Cypress for end-to-end auditing tests.
- `npm run e2e:audit:headless`: Run headless Cypress tests with Chrome for auditing.

## Dependencies

### Production Dependencies

- `@headlessui/react`: React components for building accessible and customizable UIs.
- `next`: Framework for server-rendered React applications.
- `next-themes`: Utility for managing themes in Next.js applications.
- `react`: React library.
- `react-dom`: React DOM library.

### Development Dependencies

- `@cypress-audit/lighthouse`: Lighthouse plugin for Cypress auditing.
- `@cypress-audit/pa11y`: Pa11y plugin for Cypress auditing.
- `@testing-library/jest-dom`: Jest DOM testing utilities.
- `@testing-library/react`: Testing utilities for React.
- `@testing-library/user-event`: Testing utilities for user interactions.
- `@types/jest`: TypeScript type declarations for Jest.
- `@types/jest-axe`: TypeScript type declarations for Jest Axe.
- `@types/node`: TypeScript type declarations for Node.js.
- `@types/react`: TypeScript type declarations for React.
- `@types/react-dom`: TypeScript type declarations for React DOM.
- `autoprefixer`: CSS autoprefixer.
- `cypress`: End-to-end testing framework.
- `eslint`: ESLint for linting.
- `eslint-config-next`: ESLint configuration for Next.js projects.
- `eslint-plugin-cypress`: ESLint plugin for Cypress.
- `eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y`: ESLint plugin for accessibility.
- `jest`: JavaScript testing framework.
- `jest-axe`: Jest plugin for axe-core accessibility testing.
- `jest-environment-jsdom`: Jest environment for testing in a browser-like environment.
- `lighthouse`: Lighthouse for performance auditing.
- `postcss`: CSS preprocessor.
- `start-server-and-test`: Utility to start servers and run tests.
- `tailwindcss`: Utility-first CSS framework.
- `ts-node`: TypeScript execution environment.
- `typescript`: TypeScript language support.
- `prettier`: Opinionated code formatter.
- `prettier-plugin-tailwindcss`: Prettier plugin for Tailwind CSS.

Please note that this is not an exhaustive list of dependencies, and the project may have additional dependencies. Refer to the `package.json` file for a complete list.
